[DM-4560] resolve two resource instance related issues (#3293)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/lwm2m-agent-1021-10-7-resolve-two-resource-instance-issues.md

---

> date: '2025-05-06'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 
```

> title: Resolved Issues in LWM2M Composite Write and Binary Data Read

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Resolved issues in LWM2M composite write and binary data read operations
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-1KLUzmqfe
    label: LWM2M
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-ggH2M4hf3
    label: lwm2m-agent
ticket: DM-4560
version: 1021.10.7
---

> A LWM2M composite write operation that correctly wrote multiple resource data to the device but incorrectly consolidated the values into a single LWM2M resource object in the displayed data, along with an issue where event's binary data in multiple resource instances was not properly represented during LWM2M read, have both been resolved.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
An issue where a LwM2M composite write operation successfully updated multiple resources on the device but incorrectly displayed the values as a single consolidated resource object has been resolved. Additionally, a problem with the incorrect representation of binary data in multiple resource instances during LwM2M read operations has also been fixed.
```

> A LWM2M composite write operation that correctly wrote multiple resource data to the device but incorrectly consolidated the values into a single LWM2M resource object in the displayed data, along with an issue where event's binary data in multiple resource instances was not properly represented during LWM2M read, have both been resolved.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The LWM2M composite write operation successfully updated multiple resources on the device, but incorrectly displayed the values as a single consolidated resource object. This issue has been fixed. Additionally, an issue with the incorrect representation of binary data in multiple resource instances during LWM2M read operations has been fixed.
```

Slightly changed your suggestion @jakubsobolewskisag

> The LWM2M Composite Write operation successfully updated multiple resources on the device, but incorrectly displayed the values as a single consolidated resource object. This issue has been fixed. Additionally, an issue with the incorrect representation of binary data in multiple resource instances during LWM2M read operations has been fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The LWM2M Composite Write operation successfully updated multiple resources on the device, but incorrectly displayed the values as a single consolidated resource object. This issue has been fixed. Additionally, an issue with the incorrect representation of binary data and core link data on logging event texts has been fixed which is shown when logging verbosity is increased for the device.
```

> The LWM2M Composite Write operation successfully updated multiple resources on the device, but incorrectly displayed the values as a single consolidated resource object. This issue has been fixed. Additionally, an issue with the incorrect representation of binary data and core link data on logging event texts has been fixed which is shown when logging verbosity is increased for the device.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The LWM2M composite write operation successfully updated multiple resources on the device, but incorrectly displayed the values as a single consolidated resource object. This issue has been fixed. Additionally, an issue with the incorrect representation of binary data and core link data on logging event texts, shown when logging verbosity is increased for the device, has been fixed.
```
